Hello? Miss Jiang San,
I know you've been troubled recently about Jiang Jiang's heir.
If you need my help, I'd be happy to work with you.
who are you?
One surname is Xiao, the Xiao Group.
It was the Shen family who had embezzled his old boss within a few months.
I just wanted to show off my talents, but my partners withdrew their investment one after another.
In order to keep confidentiality, make a prompt decision,
It’s the Xiao family who sold all his assets.
It’s me, Xiao Jiancheng. Speaking of which, I can have what I have today,
But thanks to the investment from Mr. Sun of your Jiang family.
The group is gone
Why do you cooperate with me?
The Xiao Group is gone
But I took out a large amount of cash before
Events I have on hand right now
But now Linjiang Province
No one wants to provoke an offending member of the Jiang family
Then how do you want me to help you?
It's not about helping me, it's about cooperation
Since we have a common enemy
Why don't you contact the hands to deal with him together? You mean?
i have a plan
Let me think about it, Mr. Xia
The company has been cleared
I sin my inheritance